you go to a swimming pool once a week
and today's the day
but everything suddenly goes wrong as
soon as you enter the swimming pool you
look at the tv in the hall
breaking news someone spotted a zombie
in town they probably went downtown and
they may be anywhere
if you see one call the police
immediately you think it's probably
safer to stay in a swimming pool
zombies are slow and probably aren't
good at swimming
so you go to the shower to change but as
soon as you enter the shower room
you notice that something's off who's a
zombie
the two girls seem completely fine but
there's a bandage on the man's leg
no one would go to a swimming pool if
they had cuts or scratches
unless they're a zombie once upon a time
there was a wealthy king who hired an
artist to paint his portrait
the artist told the king that he wanted
to be paid in gold and he wanted to get
paid
every day he also said it would take him
seven days to finish the painting
the wealthy king had only large bars of
gold and he wanted to give one bar for
his work
but since the artist wanted to get paid
daily he needed to come up with a plan
he had a magic tool that could cut any
material but it was able to make only
two cuts
how did the king split the gold bar so
that the artist got his gold
every single day in equal amounts
the king was really smart so he cut the
bars this way
one seventh two sevenths and four sevens
the first day he gave the artist one
seventh of the gold bar
the second day he gave him two sevens
but took one seventh back as change
the third day he gave one seventh back
the fourth day
he gave four sevenths but took the other
two pieces back as changed
the fifth day he gave one seventh so the
artist got five sevenths of the bar
the sixth day he gave two sevenths but
took one seventh back again
and the very last day the artist got one
seventh so in the end
he had a full bar of gold four friends
josh maggie jason and rosie were walking
in the woods
it was a wonderful day and they were
about to start a picnic but all of a
sudden
the sun turned to black and they saw
dozens of zombies approaching
the friends started running away and saw
a tunnel it was dark and scary
but the guys knew exactly that when they
crossed it they'd be safe
they had only 12 minutes to cross the
tunnel it takes josh one minute to cross
it
jason can do it in two minutes maggie
thinks it will take her four minutes and
rosie
can cross it in five minutes not to risk
it the guys decided to split into two
groups
the problem is that they only have one
torchlight and there's no way they go
there in four
how can they escape
first josh and jason should cross it
with a torchlight while the girls are
waiting on the other side
it takes two minutes plus one minute for
josh to go back
they still have nine minutes josh hands
the torch light to the girls
and they cross the tunnel in five
minutes four minutes left
when the girls are on the other side
they give the torchlight to jason
who comes back to take josh in two
minutes and they run back together in
another two minutes
the airport security had an emergency
alert there's a man with fake documents
trying to fly away from new york
they had three suspects who look almost
the same which passport is fake
no matter what country a person is from
no passport can have a photo with
mountains in the background
all backgrounds should be solid john's
passport has a suspicious photo in it
his documents are fake mason is a
lifeguard
one day a girl came up to him asking for
help she said someone had stolen her
wallet which she noticed when she was
going to go and grab a soda pop
mason checked the towel where the girl
left her stuff but the only thing he
noticed were her own footprints
is this girl lying to mason
[Music]
the girl was telling the truth mason had
an eagle eye and he saw a guy with a
fishing rod
he must have stolen the girl's wallet no
one wants to go fish in the public beat
robbers stole a few precious gems the
other day the police were alerted
immediately but they didn't know where
to look for the thieves
suddenly they got an anonymous email
check all the bottles in the cars
leaving the town
best regards mr x at the end of the day
the officers stopped a car loaded with
boxes and bottled water
the bottle bottoms were all covered with
paint so they thought the gems should be
in one of them
the level of water was the same in all
the bottles but when one of the officers
placed one of them right next to the box
he instantly realized something was off
what was it
the bottle standing next to the box is
much lower than those still inside
the police then found there was a double
bottom and the gems were hidden right
underneath it
two friends martin and clyde had a bet
martin said he would throw a ball and it
would come back to him
he also said there would be no obstacle
or wall the ball could ricochet from
clyde said it was impossible and he lost
how's that
[Music]
martin threw the ball straight up it
obviously came back to him
no magic just physics emily grabbed a
really nice muffin at the cafeteria and
put it on the office desk
she wanted to save it for later but when
she came back from the meeting she saw
someone had eaten her muffin
there were only three people who could
do that and only one person is telling
the truth
grace said it was alicia alicia said she
didn't eat anything
tina says she didn't eat anything either
who ate the muffin
it was tina only one person is telling
the truth and it's alicia
if grace or tina told the truth then
there would be two truthful people
but emily knew only one person wasn't
lying patrick really wanted to come to a
private party but the security would ask
each person if they knew the secret
access code
patrick decided to overhear their
conversations when the person came up to
the entrance
the security said six and the guest said
three then the security said ten to the
second visitor
and the reply was three as well the
third visitor also said three but the
securities said two
patrick thought he was ready to join the
best party in town when he came up to
the entrance the guard said seven
and patrick replied three the security
didn't let him in
what should patrick have said to get
into that fancy party
he should have said five the guest
needed to count letters
six ten and two have three letters
that's why the answer was three
in the word seven there are five letters
ben
loved diamonds for some time he would
spend five thousand dollars a day
on precious stones at some point he
realized he had too many gems
so he started selling them at three
thousand dollars apiece
sometime later he became a millionaire
how is that possible if he was obviously
losing money
[Music]
before his gem rush ben used to be a
billionaire since he started losing
money he became only a millionaire
a vampire moved to a big city where
nobody knew him to start a brand new
life
still he just couldn't help it and
started biting locals every single night
people got scared and invited a private
investigator to solve the problem
a couple of days later detective reitman
had three suspects
he decided to visit each of them to find
out who the vampire was
after visiting all the houses he was
sure he found the vampire
who was it
well the man on the left has loads of
garlic in the kitchen and vampires are
scared of it
the second suspect had a lot of silver
plated accessories earrings
piercings and a chain vampires don't
really like silver
the guy in the blue shirt is a vampire
long ago in the kingdom of riddles a
criminal was caught
the guards took him to the king who was
famous for loving riddles
king archibald said that if harry the
criminal managed to solve his riddle
he would set him free harry agreed and
archibald drew a two-foot line on the
ground with his foot
the king asked harry to make this line
two times shorter without touching it
in the end harry was free what did he do
harry drew a four foot line with his
foot so that the one the king drew got
two times shorter
karen took part in a tv quiz where she
could win one pound of pure gold
this quiz wasn't like ordinary ones at
the end of the show
the host brought her three large jars
each of them has one pound of pure gold
inside
plus some unpleasant surprise the first
jar has venomous snakes inside
the second one is full of acid and the
third one is filled with boiling hot
water
karen can only use her hands to get the
gold out of the jars
she has 30 minutes to think which one
should she choose
karen should choose the one with hot
water it cools down pretty fast
and it's gonna get lukewarm in half an
hour guess who's rich now